# What-Is-False-Ceiling-and-Why-Is-It-So-Important-
The ceiling is the most important element in interior design. Generally, people notice the ceiling first than any other element. The interior design is incomplete without the ceiling design. In the early days, ceilings designs were commonly simple and plain. But, today there are many types of ceiling designs available. One such ceiling design is False ceiling. Interior designers are designing a variety of patterns and styles using the latest technology to give an attractive look to the interiors.   False ceiling In simple, a false ceiling is a secondary ceiling hanging below the original ceiling with the help of supporting suspension chords. False ceiling is a part of the pop ceiling design. Usually, false ceiling designers use Plaster of Paris for making secondary ceiling. But today, interior designers are using various materials like gypsum, wood, plastic, steel etc. for false ceilings.    If you are planning to construct a new house or office, and looking for interior designers in Hyderabad, then Iroko India can help you design a perfect false ceiling for your ceilings. They are experienced interior decorators in Hyderabad and they can help you in designing the ceiling design for the hall, kitchen, bedroom, office etc. The expert architects at Iroko India work along with you and design the best false ceiling. They are well qualified and experienced false ceiling designers. False ceiling can provide numerous benefits with its attractive look and design. Let’s see the benefits of false ceilings in the interiors. Increase the beauty of the interiors We all know that the ceiling is the fifth wall in any room. The ceiling also contributes much to enhancing the beauty of the interior space. Ceiling affects the interior design much because the ceiling is much noticed by everyone after they enter the room. So, false ceiling designers use various patterns and materials to turn a normal ceiling into an extraordinary ceiling. It adds elegance to your interior space.    Regulate the temperature The false ceiling also helps in regulating the room temperature. Air is trapped in the gap present in between the two layers of the ceiling. Air is a bad conductor of heat, so the air trapped between the ceiling will not allow the heat to flow into the room. Which also can also help to reduce the electricity bills.   Hides the electric wiring system Interior designers use false ceilings to hide the electric wiring system. The wires of the electric appliances can be concealed behind the false ceiling and that gives an attractive appearance without showing any electric wire clutter.  Reduces the noise The false ceiling can help to prevent external noise from entering the room. The false ceiling designers will design the ceiling in such a way that the external noise gets trapped in between the gap of two ceilings and reduces the chances of sound entering the room. So, a false ceiling can help to create a noise-free atmosphere in the room. Gives better lighting One of the main advantages of a false ceiling is that it will help in providing a better lighting system in the room. The LED lights can be incorporated in the false ceiling easily. It will give light evenly in the room in all the areas.  So, these are some of the benefits of installing a false ceiling in the room.  Contact  us: Mobile: +91-8014568888 Email: irokosales@gmail.com Website: https://irokoindia.com/
